feat: Ingest plugin to store the application/API names (#2)
gravitee-io-community/gravitee-elasticsearch-ingest-plugin: README.adoc

= Gravitee.io ingest plugin for ElasticSearch

== Description

> This plugin allow you to enhance the ElasticSearch data schema as the API name / application name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allow you to enhance the ElasticSearch data schema with the API name / application name.
```

The plugin get these additional data from the Gravitee.io Management REST API.
A cache mechanism allows to call the API only once as these data not change often. Default time to live is set to 24 hours.

== Configuration

=== From Gravitee.io

> As a new ES processor is available, we have to enable it from the gateway configuration ont the `gravitee.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a new ES processor is available, we have to enable it from the gateway configuration on the `gravitee.yml`:
```

```yml
gravitee.reporters.elasticsearch.pipeline.plugins.ingest=gravitee
```

=== From Elasticsearch

> First of all we have to install the plugin on ElasticSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all you have to install the plugin within ElasticSearch:
```
